Openuniverse tutorial updates ahead of Sep 15 webinar (#370)
Caltech-IPAC/irsa-tutorials: tutorials/simulated-data/simulated.md

Access methods are tailored to the structure and scale of each product.
These tutorials are designed to help users get started with accessing, visualizing, and analyzing simulated datasets hosted at IRSA.

## OpenUniverse2024

> [OpenUniverse2024](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.05632) simulates the overlapping imaging surveys to be carried out by the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope and the Vera C. Rubin Observatory, covering roughly 70 square degrees of matched optical and infrared sky.

Reviewer: From Euclid index page, I assume that we are fine with creating subsectioning in sidebar TOC but not on the index page itself (HATS tutorials in Euclid case). If so, we should flatten this section into parent one. If not, I'm happy with this too (someone else should take the call)

Author: Here the two sections are distinct datasets and the OU heading carries the intro paragraph and the "start with Quickstart" pointer, so I'd rather keep it.  I'm happy to make this an issue for a later PR if people want that.

> [OpenUniverse2024](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.05632) simulates the overlapping imaging surveys to be carried out by the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope and the Vera C. Rubin Observatory, covering roughly 70 square degrees of matched optical and infrared sky.

Reviewer 2: Even if we don't change the reference in the notebooks for DOI, but here in the landing page I think we should switch to it, it will give a much nicer rendering than these direct external links.
```suggestion
[OpenUniverse2024](https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/staf1833) simulates the overlapping imaging surveys to be carried out by the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope and the Vera C. Rubin Observatory, covering roughly 70 square degrees of matched optical and infrared sky.
```

Author: done.
